h1(#title). Brave Collective Mumble Management Application

bq(subtitle). An authenticated Mumble management application and authorization plug-in.

bq(byline). (C) 2013-2014, Alice Bevan-McGregor and contributors.

bq(byline). https://github.com/bravecollective/mumble

[github-project]https://github.com/bravecollective/core

h2(#what-is). %1.% What is 

YES THIS NEEDS T.B.D.

h2(#installation). %2.% Installation

Until further notice documentation is hosted at https://wiki.braveineve.com/it/documentation/core/install

h2(#running). %3.% Running the Service

Until further notice documentation is hosted at https://wiki.braveineve.com/it/documentation/core/install

h2(#license). %4.% License

Brave Collective Mumble Management Application has been released under the MIT Open Source license. 

h3(#license-mit). %4.1.% The MIT License

Copyright (C) 2013-2014 Alice Bevan-McGregor and contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
